= Zina is not Andromeda

This is a fork of 'Zina', originally written by Ryan Lathouwers. See
http://www.pancake.org/zina/ for the original website.

According to the original site, Ryan abandonned Zina in November 2010. This
fork is based on the latest release, 2.0beta22, released on 2010-06-15.

Zina is a graphical interface to your MP3 collection, a personal jukebox, an
MP3 streamer. It can run on its own, embeded into an existing website, or as a
Drupal module, Wordpress plug-in and Joomla component. It is released under the
GNU General Public License v2.

== Features

The following list was copied from the original website:

* MP3 / OGG / WAV / WMA /M4A streaming
* Playlists: Custom, "session", random, genre and more
* Can run by itself, embedded into a website or as a Drupal module, Wordpress
  plugin, Joomla component.
* RSS, Podcasts and sitemap generation
* Flash player for mp3s (skin-able)
* Live search
* Clean URL support
* Can help find album covers and lyrics from the internet
* Tag editor with CDDB lookup
* Can downsample mp3s on the fly (with external encoder like LAME)
* Can dynamically resize images
* Last.fm and Twitter.com integration
* Pure PHP templating system
* Valid XHTML 1.0 Strict output
* Simple Installation (database is optional)
* Easy to configure (uses regular text and graphic files for many customization)
* Many other features Localization support: English, German,
  Dutch, Spanish, Italian, Traditional & Simplified Chinese, French, Danish,
  Bulgarian, Croation, Hebrew, Basque, Russian, Norwegian, Turkish, Swedish,
  Slovakian, Hungarian, Catalan, Brazilian, Albanian, Romanian, Finnish, Greek,
  Kannada, Bahasa Indonesia, Japanese, Malay, Portuguese, Estonian, Slovenian,
  Polish, Korean, Belorussian.
* Released under GNU General Public License v2
